HeeJin : New Zealand!
HyunJin & HeeJin : The rain stopped!
Where are the girls going?
Their destination is a amusement park in New Zealand!
HyunJin : It was boring~
HeeJin : You even closed your eyes at first~
HeeJin : I’m going to call you ‘Kim The Bluff’
HaSeul : Hello~ It’s HaSeul
HyunJin : and HyunJin of LOOΠΔ!
HyunJin : What’s that, HaSeul! It’s scary!!
HaSeul : Is this a haunted house??
We’ll prepare a horror special for them someday~~
But they changed their attitude so quickly
as soon as they came out to a bright place!
HaSeul : Hello~
HaSeul : Do you see us? Where are you?
HyunJin : (Bluffing again) I’m not scared~ really~~
HyunJin, REALLY????
'Photo time! It’s photo time now!'
LOOΠΔ took many rides in the amusement park!
They become a wreck…
ViVi : I saw~~ evertyhing~~
ViVi : I really saw the whole view~ like 360 degrees~